feat: add Kotlin for Data Analysis section (#4125)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/data-science-overview.md

You can retrieve, manipulate, and visualize data directly from various databases.

* **Fetch and analyze real-time and dynamic datasets from web APIs:** the EDA tools' flexibility allows integration with external APIs via protocols like OpenAPI. 
This feature helps you fetch data from web APIs, to then clean and transform the data to your needs.

Would you like to try our Kotlin tools for data analysis?

<a href="get-started-with-kotlin-notebooks.md"><img src="kotlin-notebooks-button.svg" width="600" alt="Get started with Kotlin Notebook"/></a>

Our Kotlin data analysis tools let you smoothly handle your data from start to finish. Effortlessly 
retrieve your data with simple drag-and-drop functionality in our Kotlin Notebook. Clean, transform, and visualize it with just a few lines of code. 
Additionally, export your output charts in a matter of clicks.

![Kotlin Notebook](data-analysis-notebook.gif){width=700}

## Notebooks

_Notebooks_ are interactive editors that integrate code, graphics, and text in a single environment. When using a notebook, 
you can run code cells and immediately see the output. 

> Kotlin offers different notebook solutions, such as [Kotlin Notebook](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/16340-kotlin-notebook), [Datalore](http://jetbrains.com/datalore), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kotlin offers different notebook solutions, such as [Kotlin Notebook](#kotlin-notebook), [Datalore](#kotlin-notebooks-in-datalore), 
and [Kotlin-Jupyter Notebook](#jupyter-notebook-with-kotlin-kernel), 
```

![Kotlin Notebook](kotlin-notebook.png){width=700}

### Kotlin Notebook

The [Kotlin Notebook](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/16340-kotlin-notebook) is a plugin for IntelliJ IDEA that allows you to create notebooks in Kotlin. It provides our IDE experience with all common IDE features,
offering real-time code insights and project integration.

### Kotlin notebooks in Datalore

With [Datalore](https://datalore.jetbrains.com/), you can use Kotlin in the browser straight out of the box without additional installation.
You can also share your notebooks and run them remotely, collaborate with other Kotlin notebooks in real-time,
receive smart coding assistance as you write code, and export results through interactive or static reports.

### Jupyter Notebook with Kotlin Kernel

[Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/) is an open-source web application
that allows you to create and share documents containing code,
visualizations, and Markdown text. 
[Kotlin-Jupyter](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlin-jupyter) is an open-source project that brings Kotlin 
support to Jupyter Notebook to harness Kotlin's power within the Jupyter environment.

## Kotlin DataFrame

> The [Kotlin DataFrame](https://kotlin.github.io/dataframe/gettingstarted.html) library lets you manipulate structured data in your Kotlin projects. From data creation and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Kotlin DataFrame](https://kotlin.github.io/dataframe/overview.html) library lets you manipulate structured data in your Kotlin projects. From data creation and
```
